"forgiveness is to swallow when you want to spit" - florida man's church sign blamed for sexual innuendo
'this is for donald trump!' florida man attacker yells before hitting man
'wide neck' florida man arrested again in pensacola, has bond revoked
'you're on my time': florida woman allegedly pulls gun on uber driver and forces them to drive her around town.
(tampa), florida man discovers his own bank account after being homeless for a while.
(update) florida man (and cannibal corpse guitarist) mistakenly thinks rapture is happening, burns down house full of explosive ammunition and attacks neighbor/cops.
107-year-old florida man possibly oldest driver in america
14-year-old florida man pays $480 to 28-year-old scottish woman for sex, she was arrested
2 florida men/ 1 florida woman busted in corruption case accused of protecting drug dealers. bonus: they're all police officers.
380-pound florida man was hit with additional felony charges after jail personnel discovered a bag of meth “wedged deep within the belly button cavity of the defendant"
65-year-old florida woman slugs 300-pound, half-naked attacker with baseball bat
81 year old florida man arrested for stealing $3000 worth of tangerines and "11 counts of transporting citrus without a permit"
88 year old florida woman arrested for sucker-punching walgreens employee
a florida man allegedly drove a stolen jeep back to the scene of his crime recently to ask if anybody found his missing cellphone
a florida man choked to death in october after eating dozens of live cockroaches in a contest to win a python, an autopsy has found.
a florida man jumped off his surfboard and landed on a shark
a florida man took methamphetamine to the putnam county sheriff’s office on tuesday thinking he was sold the wrong narcotic. he wasn’t.
a florida man who bit his dog to ‘establish dominance‘ over the animal avoids jail time
actor bill murray helps florida man reveal the gender of his baby
after failing to capture alligator on its own, chicago hires florida man, who catches it in less than 24 hours
after headbanging to hurricane, florida man lane pittman uses his leftover gofundme money to help florence victims
after using n-word in front of black colleagues, florida man state senator faces calls to resign
after years of pushing sandy hook conspiracy theories, florida man who worked with alex jones is arrested for sharing sandy hook parent's ssn
anti-trump florida man likes to protest with his "f*ck donald trump" golf cart outside the mostly-republican florida villages. his ftd golf cart features signs such as "hitler and trump exactly same dna" and "trump is a sexual predator".
armless florida man charged after allegedly using feet to stab tourist with scissors
aspiring florida man police officer travels to meet 10-year-old girl for sex, meets undercover deputies instead
bare-bottomed florida woman wearing just a black bra pleasures herself on a public street
black florida woman thanks god for slavery
california man tries to rob a florida man's home, gets beaten with his own bat
captain florida man of the palm beach sheriff's office is arrested for slamming into a motorcycle and sending it airborne while drunk and high on xanax.
caught on camera: florida man licks doorbell continuously
chicago officials failed to capture a rogue alligator for 8 days, chicago hired florida man who caught in in less than 24 hours
chrome extension replaces ‘jeb bush’ & ‘marco rubio’ with ‘florida man,’ makes political news better
cops to florida woman: ‘do you have anything else?’ she pulled a gator from her pants.
cops: florida man googled "how to rob a bank" before robbing a bank
court rules florida man should not have gone to jail for getting a job at michaels instead of home depot.
crime fighting horses capture florida man on the lam
deputies find florida man's stray 600-pound hog
deputies: 16-year-old deltona florida woman girl arrested for stabbing two people during 'prearranged' fight on social media
deputies: florida man held woman’s dog as ransom for ‘sexual favors'
deputy takes down florida man threatening shoppers with a hammer by throwing two cans of bush's extra brown sugar baked beans at him
drug trafficking florida man gets married in criminal court but wasn't allowed to kiss the bride
drunk florida man fires 120 rounds of gunfire to celebrate new year
drunk florida man tries to use taco as id after his car catches fire at taco bell
drunk florida man yells at bus driver, calls him n*****, spits on him and gets beaten unconscious.
drunk florida woman crashes with 2-year-old in car, allows him to play in traffic while she urinates on the roadside
drunken florida man sets scooter ablaze because he ‘got mad’ at it, cops say
fake deaf interpreter florida woman at police news conference served prison time for stealing from special needs kids
florida man "does not like" gun laws. builds machine gun.
florida man 'pulls over deputy,' gets arrested for dui and possession of cocaine
florida man 's actual job is riding around on a golf cart launching fireworks at birds
florida man (who else) mistakenly "donates" 5 lbs of skunk to donation center. dude!!??
florida man -- a university of tampa professor -- fired after suggesting harvey was 'karma' for texas
florida man a ups employee delivers package containing iphone x and goes back to steal it.
florida man able to marry florida man starting jan 5th
florida man accidentally drives his daughter to a bank robbery
florida man accumulates 11 hit and runs at once
florida man accused of assault with deadly weapon for throwing alligator into wendy's drive-thru
florida man accused of chasing neighbor down driveway, yelling 'run, fat ass!'
florida man accused of impersonating state prosecutors sentenced to 10 years in prison
florida man accused of killing girlfriend claims ‘very smart’ dogs could be responsible
florida man accused of masturbating in walmart toy section turns himself in
florida man accused of pouring beer into alligator's mouth
florida man accused of robbing chinese restaurant at finger point
florida man accused of shooting cows with an ar-15 from a moving car
florida man accused of threatening congressman dares feds to arrest him, and they do
florida man accused of threatening local magic the gathering players
florida man accused of trafficking cocaine to ohio inside boxes of lunchables
florida man actually wins a free baby thanks to 'win a baby' radio contest
florida man aka disney’s ‘gaston’, dead after launching firework off of his head.
florida man allegedly pulls ar-15 in road rage incident
florida man allegedly slaps woman with a bowl of chili
florida man allegedly takes and stuns deputy with his own taser
florida man and 80 others form human chain to rescue drowning family at beach
florida man and cop with a history of shooting unarmed black men, responds to allegations of racism by declaring: "i now identify as a black man." surprisingly, people have a problem with this
florida man and florida man friend climb 35-foot christmas tree at city's central park at 4 in the morning, damage tree and break ornaments and get arrested
florida man and florida woman appeal to supreme court in attempt to keep their tree house.
florida man and florida woman steal motorized shopping cart from walmart, drive to bar
florida man and hero cop's face went viral because of his good looks during hurricane irma. and now his facebook is going viral because of rampant racism.
florida man and police exchange gunfire over parking space
florida man and townspeople self-amputate for insurance money.
florida man and two buddies play cards while waiting for traffic light to change
florida man and wife attack men over speedos
florida man and wife convinced 13-year-old he was dying of cancer so they could set up a go fund me site they could plunder.
florida man and woman receive marijuana in amazon order
florida man anonymously donates valuable gold coins worth $3000 to the salvation army - for the sixth year in a row
florida man appears to be homeless and has a “strong odor of feces.”
florida man armed with a live alligator chases people all over a convenience store, screaming: "y'all ain't out of beer, are ya?".
florida man arrested after beating uber driver with antenna
florida man arrested after bringing his 11 year old son to his job: a home burglary job
florida man arrested after bringing knife to a shovel fight.
florida man arrested after cops mistook his krispy kreme doughnut glaze for meth files $15g suit
florida man arrested after going to playground, telling children where babies come from
florida man arrested after he attempted to pay for his mcdonald's order with weed
florida man arrested after his own surveillance cameras recorded him dealing drugs
florida man arrested after his song doesn’t get played on the jukebox
florida man arrested after hitting dad with pizza because he was mad he helped birth him
florida man arrested after inviting deputies to see pot plant
florida man arrested after pelting girlfriend with mcdonald's sweet and sour packets
florida man arrested after pulling machete on woman who refused to date him: records
florida man arrested after punching walmart customer for "taking too long" at the checkout
florida man arrested after shooting himself in leg "playing cowboy"
florida man arrested after stealing 12k in electricity to power a marijuana house
florida man arrested after striking his boyfriend in the head with a big mouth billy bass, the novelty singing fish
florida man arrested at st. pete-clearwater international airport after telling everyone he can't be arrested because he is a police officer
florida man arrested at trump resort; was there to talk ‘trillions’
florida man arrested for "having it his way" and masturbating at burger king.
florida man arrested for aggressive wet willying his girlfriend
florida man arrested for assaulting girlfriend with fried chicken.
florida man arrested for beating father with a pizza after learning father helped deliver him at birth.
florida man arrested for covering sleeping girlfriend in ketchup
florida man arrested for crawling under college library tables to sniff unsuspecting people’s feet
florida man arrested for dui had bac of .316
florida man arrested for groping disney princess
florida man arrested for having crack in butt
florida man arrested for having sex with a stuffed 'olaf' toy and finishing with a money shot in front of target customers, then committing beastiality with a stuffed unicorn!
florida man arrested for having sex with miniature horse on multiple occasions, deputies say.
florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed olaf snowman inside target
florida man arrested for impersonating nickelback drummer
florida man arrested for impersonating officer again, claims he’s being unfairly targeted
florida man arrested for masturbating at open window while watching students walk home, documents show
florida man arrested for picking fight with gas pumps and car wash
florida man arrested for picking mushrooms with alligator in backpack.
florida man arrested for practicing karate by kicking swans in the head
florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into wendy's
florida man arrested for reportedly tossing gator into wendy's
florida man arrested for rigging door to electrocute pregnant wife
florida man arrested for stealing drills, batteries to pay for his ankle monitor fee
florida man arrested for taking girlfriend out to dinner on boat that isn't his; doing $1000 worth of damage to toilet
florida man arrested for throwing cookie at girlfriend
florida man arrested for tossing alligator into wendy's drive-thru window
florida man arrested for trying to get alligator drunk
florida man arrested for using government computers to mine bitcoin
florida man arrested for “practicing karate” on swans at lake eola park
florida man arrested outside olive garden after eating pasta belligerently
florida man arrested while trying to hide legless, fugitive girlfriend in plastic tub.
florida man asked cops for help starting motorcycle he'd stolen, police say
florida man asks cops to smoke a joint with him.
florida man asks for death penalty because it's a 'win-win' for everyone
florida man asks police to punch him "i deserve it"
florida man asks pregnant florida woman "are you ready for your abortion date?" then hits her with car.
florida man asks walmart salesperson for something "that would kill 200 people"
florida man attacked by bear in his backyard after checking to see what scared his dog
florida man attacked men he believed to be muslim with knife, stun gun at mcdonald’s
florida man attacks girl scout cookie stand over $20 debt; demands payment in cookies
florida man attacks partially-blind person in minion costume
florida man attacks wife over lack of fried chicken
florida man attempts to barbeque child molesters
florida man attempts to outrun police helicopter in stolen golf cart
florida man attempts to rob dunkin doughnuts by turning off power, fails when he realizes safes do not run on electricity
florida man attempts to rob store with finger guns.
florida man attorney arrested for passing cologne-soaked business cards to female inmates so they could have the smell of a man in their cell
florida man auctions off gun he used to kill florida man
florida man avoids capital punishment by fighting russian separatists in eastern ukraine
florida man avoids opening his window for cops (xpost /r/pics)
florida man awarded $37,500 after police mistook sugar for crystal meth
florida man awoke last tuesday to discover another florida man at the foot of his bed sucking on his toes
florida man banned from disney world after flashing trump sign on splash mountain ride
florida man barrels down interstate telling 911 his gas pedal is stuck
florida man beats atm, says it gave too much cash
florida man becomes first person to get bionic arm, says he will use it only for good.
florida man becomes first person to live with advanced, mind-controlled robotic arm
florida man being chased by police asks 911 to call donald trump
florida man bitten at beach, marking sixth bite this year in the 'shark attack capital of the world'
florida man blames blood sugar and diabetes on walmart theft
florida man blames cat for child pornography found on his computer
florida man blows through traffic light, hits truck pulling a boat that sends the vessel flying and spills fuel and closes down the road for five hours. oh, and it was his fourth dui.
florida man booed by constituentes in town hall video, also known for sharing misleading stories and bigoted jokes
florida man born in a mcdonald's restroom on two jackets laid on the floor, starts breathing when umbilical cord is cut
florida man botches repair job on home, fakes his own death so he doesn't have to pay the owners back
florida man braves hurricane matthew
florida man breaking into home to suck toes
florida man breaks into a 70 year old woman's house, cooks spaghetti, and hangs around naked.
florida man breaks into alligator farm, gets attacked by crocodile, - and yes he was wearing crocs
florida man breaks into home to pet cat
florida man breaks into home, fries chicken, drinks booze, gets caught
florida man breaks into home, gets naked, cooks spaghetti.
florida man breaks into house naked, then is scared away when the woman screams at him.
florida man breaks into house, eats salad, masturbates, plays with toy helicopter
florida man breaks into house, poops on the floor and drinks the contents of the vacuum cleaner
florida man breaks into jail to hang out with his friends
florida man breaks into jail.
florida man breaks into neighbor's home to pet their cat
florida man breaks into restaurant, gets naked, eats ramen noodles, plays bongos.
florida man breaks into store, drinks milk and watches tv
florida man breaks into woman's home to fry chicken
florida man brews pot of coffee, smokes cigarette during burglary, deputies say
florida man brings ak-47 to middle school after receiving phone call from crying son.
florida man brings jar of mosquitoes to the u.s. house floor to discuss zika
florida man broke into a car and stole a gun, his momma recognized him on camera and turned him in
florida man broke into jewelry store, cut himself on glass and bled all over everything
florida man broke into terrified 77-year-old woman's home, put on her clothing and asked for a drink
florida man busted for singing dirty song to neighbor.
florida man busted in child pornography sting worked at the "happiest place on earth" (especially if you're a pedophile)
florida man busted with drugs in bag labeled "bag full of drugs"
florida man buys 100+ generators to send to the bahamas
florida man buys boat, grounds it near major highway, can’t afford to move it because of nine kids to support so he buys another boat
florida man buys race track, says i just want to have fun with my friends
florida man calling himself 'michael the archangel' tries to blow up more than a dozen military vehicles because 'the generals won’t surrender to the kingdom of god.”
florida man calling himself 'the beast' gouges eyes of armed home intruder
florida man calls 911 after comedian’s joke makes him uncomfortable
florida man calls 911 and lies about a woman being shot, because he wanted the cops to help him find his cellphone
florida man calls 911 because he needed a ride to hooters
florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop. 'like what do we pay you guys for?'
florida man calls 911 to report himself drunk driving
florida man calls 911 to say roommate ‘stole his weed’
florida man calls 911 while police chase him, asks for trump because "we made a deal"
florida man calls cops after people he paid for sex don't show
florida man calls police to report being shot at by man he robbed, stabbed
florida man candidate for us senate and suspended-license-serial-speeder says driving 103mph in a 65 is not unsafe because he drives a really nice expensive luxury car.
florida man captures 185-lb alligator by playing with it until it tired
florida man catches kilo of cocaine while fishing off miami shore
florida man caught illegally feeding wild alligator resists arrest: "he's a good boy…and he loves bagels"
florida man caught on camera licking doorbell
florida man caught stealing beer said he was just exchanging it for cold ones
florida man caught using heroin..in police bathroom
florida man caught with full rack of ribs in pants.
florida man causes $100k in damage to walmart liquor store under construction with hot wired forklift; gives police his name as "alice wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
florida man causes $100k in damage to walmart liquor store under construction with hotwired forklift; gives police his name as "alice wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
florida man causes 16 accidents, received 25 written warning slips, served 30 days of unpaid suspension, and most recently caused a four-car pileup on the i-95 in 2013, costing taxpayers $75,000. he's a school bus driver and he's still employed.
florida man changes name to bruce jenner to preserve name's "heterosexual roots"
florida man charged after eating patrol car's seat
florida man charged with exporting hundreds of ar-15 parts to argentina, authorities say
florida man charged with felony stalking after breaking into taylor swift's soho home, using her shower and sleeping in her bed.
florida man charged with forcing captured alligator to drink beer
florida man charged with stealing woman's driveway
florida man charged with throwing a sex toy onto the field at last night's buffalo bills game.
florida man charged with throwing sex toy on field during monday night football game.
florida man charged with throwing toilet at east st. louis board of education
florida man charged with trying to kill mcdonald’s manager over his food order
florida man charged with using confederate flag as weapon
florida man chases cousin and threatens to sacrifice him to satan
florida man chases neighbor with tractor screaming "run fat ass".
florida man chevrolet corvette impaled after five-vehicle crash sends road sign soaring through air and into back of sportscar
florida man chugs a beer during a dui stop
florida man claiming people were "eating his brains" leads police on insane golf course chase
florida man claims he was trying to catch kitten when he trashed house
florida man claims only drank at stoplights and not while driving
florida man claims to be “half man, half dog”, fatally attacks couple and bites their faces
florida man climbs atop playground equipment at park, tells kids where babies come from
florida man clings to moving truck to save kidnapped daughters
florida man college student charged with threatening to kill professor for scheduling 7 a.m. final exam
florida man commutes on i-95 in his undies while smoking pot
florida man congressman who voted for drug testing food stamp recipients busted for cocaine
florida man cop claims burger king put dirt in his food, turns out to be seasoning
florida man cop claims burger king put dirt on his food — investigation reveals it was seasoning
florida man couple lying the the road to watch the eclipse get run over by cop
florida man crashes his pickup through airport's fence at 3 a.m., speeds down its flight line, crashes into baggage claim, causes a ton of damage
florida man crashes his plane into a skydiver (xpost wtf)
florida man crossdresser made sex tapes with 150 men after tricking them posing as 'bored housewife'
florida man cuts off own genitals and feeds the to alligator
florida man cuts the brakes on electric scooters.
florida man darts across i-4 to escape deputies; gets caught in what can only be described as the human version of frogger
florida man defecates in police car, does $1k in damages by banging head
florida man demands bank teller give him less money during alleged robbery
florida man demands better prison food in exchange for confessions
florida man destroys sign for using the word “plantation”, calls it “racist”
florida man detained outside white house with knife and plan to ‘assassinate’ trump
florida man didn't think anyone would notice if he cashed a $980,000 tax refund on income of less than $19,000.
florida man dies after eating 7 grams of cocaine during traffic stop
florida man dies after eating dozens of live roaches in contest to win a python
florida man ditches 5-year-old son who couldn't keep up during police chase
florida man ditches child on side of road because he thinks he’s gay, police say
florida man ditches his family, starts a new life using a dead man's identity, busted when the dead man's nephew starts a family search on ancestry.com
florida man does a drive-by in the suburbs over some stolen weed
florida man does what any florida man does after getting bit by a shark. he goes to the bar.
florida man doesn't drink while he's driving, just while at stop lights and stop signs
florida man doesn’t pull over his pickup truck for cops because he’s receiving sexual favors from florida woman in passenger seat.
florida man donates $335k property to foundation for victims of child abuse.
florida man dressed up as 'spider-man' seen pressure washing roof during rainstorm
florida man dresses as a clown to scare people on friday the 13th, gets beat down from an 11 year old with a selfie stick.
florida man drinks half a bottle of rum, makes a building a drive through, speeds away, gets caught, spits on police
florida man drives people around in his bmw to find pokémon for $25 an hour
florida man driving around town
florida man driving lawn mower charged with dui after hitting a police car, cops say
florida man dropping off child at school had .233 bac, police say
florida man drove a scooter out of a wal-mart and kept going for another mile until he pulled into a gas station to charge up.
florida man drove around as a cellphone-jamming vigilante for two years
florida man drunkenly falls asleep while parked in the middle of the road
florida man dumps cup full of semen on woman at panera bread
florida man dyed his hair green, stained his skin purple & shit on a church
florida man earns the title of the most disciplined cop in the state. gets his job back after being fired for the 6th time
florida man eats $120,000 banana taped to wall at art exhibition
florida man eats bad oysters, gets food poisoning, suffers paralysis, has to learn to walk again, files lawsuit and wins $6.7 million.
florida man emails co-workers letting them know he plans to turn their office into a bloodbath. surprisingly, some people had a problem with this
florida man enjoys buffet, tries to walk out on $8 bill
florida man enters jacksonville store and chases people with live alligator
florida man enters police station, rubs knife blades together and asks "where is the chief?"
florida man escapes liquor store with over $1,000 worth of scotch down his pants
florida man facing dui arrest offers deputies free mma classes if they let him go
florida man fakes being dentist, pulls 10 teeth without anesthetic, and makes dentures
florida man fakes his own murder using a gun and a weather balloon
florida man falls asleep in stolen car full of stolen goods, gets arrested for all of it.
florida man featured as a category on jeopardy!
florida man fighting to keep emotional support squirrel
florida man fights off coyote with a coffee cup.
florida man fights off gator to save dog
florida man fights to rescue daughter from r. kelly
florida man files lawsuit against his town because people keep pooping and having sex on the beach in front of his mansion
florida man fills job application form in a gas station, immediatelly proceeds to rob the place
florida man finds boa constrictor under car's hood
florida man finds hand grenade; takes it to taco bell
florida man finds loaded semi-automatic rifle in toy box bought at goodwill store as baby shower present
florida man finds new biggest prime number
florida man finds pipe bomb in backyard, cuts it in half with a chainsaw to find out.
florida man finds shark tooth in foot 25 years after attack
florida man finds tide pod in his mcdonald’s coke after he drinks it and it erupts like a volcano.
florida man finds wwii grenade and brings it to taco bell
florida man fined $500 for telling cops his name was "ben dover"
florida man fired for farting and filming himself at work
florida man flees cops so fast, some of his clothes come off. so police identify him with dna from his sock.
florida man forced to pay child support despite dna test proving he is not the father
florida man forgets he brought an alligator into a beer fridge.
florida man former assistant state attorney is facing charges that he struck three women because they were “ruining his dining experience” by being loud
florida man found a kilo of cocaine and decided to post it on reddit...
florida man found dead burning in a porta potty. smoking a lit cigarette could have caused the methane gas to ignite.
florida man found passed out in car with a smoking pipe as his kids yelled for him to wake up
florida man found with 43 turtles inside teenage mutant ninja turtle backpack
florida man gets $37,000 after police mistake his donut glazing for crystal meth
florida man gets 10 years for tricking straight dudes into doing gay porn.
florida man gets 15 months for threatening to decapitate bernie sanders
florida man gets 330 year vacation in 'sex tourism' trial
florida man gets 7 years for putting plumber's lye in yum yum sauce at polk county restaurant
florida man gets a florida tattoo
florida man gets arrested after putting other florida man in the hospital over fight about tupac
florida man gets arrested for the 66th time
florida man gets busted for drugs because he was playing pokemon go at 2am
florida man gets cat back 2 years after it was lost in hurricane
florida man gets caught filming through apartment window, hurls bag of trash in victim's face when confronted
florida man gets dirty underwear in his uber eats delivery
florida man gets fingered after job application requiring finger printing ties him to cold case
florida man gets fired from maintenance job in church, so he pulls out gun to shoot pastor. pastor pulls out his own gun and shoots him first in self-defense.
florida man gets free chick-fil-a for life for 100th birthday
florida man gets into a drunken fight after receiving a philly cheesesteak with a sesame seed bun
florida man gets naked at a lowe's, claims to be jesus christ
florida man gets naked to escape deland store; ribeyes fall out of his pants
florida man gets naked, throws undies at police in front of school, second time in less than a week
florida man gets pulled over for a broken headlight, leads to 14 arrests, 66 felony charges, and 341 grams of meth
florida man gets shot in head, complains of headache
florida man gets wake-up call after finding 6 foot 5-inch gator on his doorstep
florida man gives a drunken strip tease to a woman in a steakhouse, tries to fight her husband when she tells him to stop
florida man gives alias of ‘dickface johnson’ after getting arrested
florida man gives generator he planned to purchase to fellow shopper who needed one to care for her sick father during/after hurricane irma after the store sold its last unit.
florida man goes fishing and catches a kilo of marijuana. calls it "an early birthday gift from pablo escobar"
florida man goes fishing, catches 50 pounds of cocaine
florida man goes from neo-nazi to muslim, proceeds to kill roommates for blasphemy (from 2017)
florida man goes hang gliding without being harnessed in and is left hanging on for dear life
florida man goes on a crime spree, found naked in a chicken coop in new york
florida man goes to airport with nearly $200,000 in cash, has it seized by the government, which refuses to give it back
florida man goes to charlottesville hate rally on the down low, loses job when boss sees him in the newspaper
florida man going 80 mph drives through a house, says "i'm sorry" and runs away
florida man got $3.4 million in tax refunds from irs after claiming to win lottery he never won, authorities say
florida man got caught with almost 200 lobsters in his trunk
florida man governor blames president obama for lack of health care funds, after refusing to accept funds from president obama.
florida man governor rick scott returned the shelter dog he rescued for his 2010 campaign
florida man grabs a machete with the word "kindness" written on it, threatens to "kill 'em with kindness"
florida man grinch has sex in the bathroom and destroys christmas decorations before vacating the premises
florida man gropes woman on southwest flight to new mexico, cites national political figure as defense.
florida man grubhub driver upset that burger king order isn't done fast enough starts swinging large ashtray at employees
florida man guilty of stalking ex-ballerina for 31 years
florida man gunman shot at trump hotel was a stripper and porn actor who loved melania trump
florida man guns down ak-47-wielding robber: ‘not going to go out like a punk’
florida man hacks bank, tries to steal $7 billion because "jesus wanted him to be rich'
florida man hacks billboard with satanic corgi and 'naughty' gorilla
florida man hacks street sign...
florida man has "one too many long island iced teas" and crashes 72' $500,000 yacht into shore. abandons yacht.
florida man has $1300 returned to him after losing it in grocery store parking lot
florida man has been arrested three times (once for trying to board an airplane with a loaded gun), fired five times, and caught with cocaine and counterfeit cash in his squad car. he is a cop of twenty years.
florida man has dog trainers license revoked after greyhounds test positive for cocaine
florida man has eaten almost nothing but mac and cheese for 17 years
florida man has greyhound training license suspended after 12 greyhounds test positive for cocaine.
florida man has seen ‘avengers: endgame’ a record 116 times and he’s not slowing down
florida man has some competition from florida snake
florida man helps amputee up stairs, then returns to build ramp
florida man helps rally rescue of manatees stranded by hurricane irma
florida man helps to celebrate autistic boy’s birthday after no one responds to invites
florida man heroically survives 0.1” of snow, commemorates with t-shirt.
florida man hides in swamp after high-speed police chase, gets stuck and licked by police dog
florida man hides legless fugitive girlfriend in plastic tote
florida man high on cocaine holds charter boat passengers captive for 12 hours
florida man hired thursday, fired sunday, tries to kill boss 2 hours later, police say
florida man hits 11 vehicles on i-275, including state trooper's car. no one hurt
florida man hits 17 cars trying to park
florida man holds up kfc employee with gun, tries to force her to reopen the kfc.
florida man hosts an anonymous orgy, flashes a liquor store clerk, and crashes his golf cart inside walmart in this week’s florida men podcast.
florida man house speaker repeatedly calls pregnant women ‘host bodies’ in tv interview about abortion
florida man impersonating police officers tried to pull over a south florida commissioner who is a former officer
florida man in bull onesie attempts to burn ex’s house with spaghetti sauce
florida man in prison allowed to sit in guard station & order chinese takeout after giving guards advice on their taxes
florida man in van guns down ak-47 wielding robber because he didn’t want ‘to go out like a punk’
florida man influences the world
florida man inmates backup the toilets to talk to the female inmates through the pipes
florida man insured his $8,000 rims and claimed they were stolen, gets insurance check and tries to sell the rims on the line
florida man invents edible six-pack ring to feed animals instead of killing them.
florida man invites girl to the prom via snapchat with him holding a placard reading: "if i was black, i’d be picking cotton, but i’m white, so i’m picking u 4 prom."
florida man is a dumb cop who tries to shoot a dog and shoots himself instead.
florida man is back with heavy metal and an american flag to face hurricane florence
florida man is in trouble for running the 'sausage castle', a place where you get drunk, shoot guns, have sex and ride airboats
florida man is placing anti-trump flags in dog poop piles
florida man is selling his custom his custom glock -- with no trigger guard.
florida man jailed after reporting for jury duty drunk, takes case to supreme court, wins
florida man jailed for failing to unlock his phone
florida man jailed on dui charge after consuming ‘one beer,’ soiling himself.
florida man job application leads police to suspect in 1998 cold case
florida man judge pulls a .38-caliber revolver on unruly handcuffed defendant & utters to him "there's one bullet in the cylinder. do you want to take your best shot? if you're going to take a shot, you had better score, because i don't miss."
florida man jumps into canal, pries open alligator’s jaws to rescue his dog
florida man jumps off a surfboard, lands on a shark
florida man keeps forgetting about his loaded handgun during airport screenings
florida man keeps marijuana in his bible
florida man keeps neighbors awake with loud lawn mower revving, deputies say
florida man keeps watch over downed power line for 3 days, warning passers by to stay away from area
florida man kept rambling on to friends about dead palm trees. turns out, he'd spotted a new disease killing thousands of the florida's signature trees
florida man killed pro-trump boss on florida’s turnpike over politics, placed american flag near body, affidavit says
florida man kills cellmate while awaiting trial for killing previous cellmate
florida man kills time in social security office by masturbating as workers process his federal claims
florida man leaves a bag at the family dollar with a bunch of dope, cash, and oh, his cell phone 😕
florida man legitimately sets guinness world record for tallest hat just to prank the local news
florida man lives the florida man dream, riding the airport baggage carousel naked while yelling at police, "we've got to get out of here!"
florida man loads car with frozen iguanas, they warm up, come back to life, cause car accident
florida man locks baby and keys in car; florida inmates save the day
florida man locks baby daughter in his car and nearby florida inmates on work detail break her out using a coat hanger while florida mother proclaims "them bust that s**t right open so thank god for the criminals in the world"
florida man locks keys in car to keep cops from searching it
florida man loses 160 pounds to achieve lifelong dream of becoming a soldier
florida man loses card game, responses by setting winner's car on fire, gets turned into police by his mom
florida man loses job after posting mid-surgery photos of his patients' genitals with mocking captions on instagram
florida man makes 96 million robocalls, gets fined $120 million dollars
florida man makes discovery of a lifetime, bears playfully swimming in the ocean.
florida man makes underwater handgun to kill venomous fish.
florida man mayor gets arrested just 20 days after taking over city hall from another florida man mayor who was arrested.
florida man messes with the wrong person, beaten up by former nfl player who caught him masturbating outside daughter's window
florida man met 2 women at a bar, went back to his home for drinks, left the room and returned fully nude, freaks out when they try to leave
florida man misspells school on crosswalk
florida man mistakenly orders taco bell at bank drive thru.
florida man mistakenly told he has death sentence after jury botches form
florida man modifies glock 17 to fire underwater and kill lionfish
florida man nabbed for allegedly speeding tells cops, 'the car is a ferrari and it goes fast’
florida man named "vladimir putin" arrested for screaming at grocery store employees
florida man named bamboo flute arrested for drug possession.
florida man named orlando is police chief of city named orlando.
florida man named orlando named orlando police chief
florida man offered to pay officer with hamburger for oral sex, police say
florida man on date night with girlfriend (of 11 years) and two kids, slammed to ground by waitress after grabbing her butt, and later arrested.
florida man on his way to kill someone kills a bystander along the way because "the headlights made him angry"
florida man on my birthday (dec 1st): florida man offered to pay officer with hamburger for oral sex, police say
florida man owns a nice condo on the water. he sees a nicer condo is for sale in a foreclosure auction. he buys it without doing a title search, which would have shown a $350,000 mortgage on the property. now his plans for retirement are 'out the window.'
florida man paralyzed after chasing monkey that stole his hat
florida man parks car in kitchen to save it from hurricane dorian
florida man passes a joint to a cop while illegally parked in a handicapped spot with a gun in his car.
florida man pawns favorite gun to buy sod to avoid hoa fines, has heart attack while laying it down, is rushed to the hospital by firefighters who return to his house to lay down his sod.
florida man pays 36 families’ utility bills
florida man pays electric bills for families about to lose power
florida man pays electric bills of families about to lose power for christmas
florida man pees in a nightclub's ice machine
florida man photographer captures once-in-a-lifetime picture of osprey carrying a shark, which is carrying a fish
florida man planned to ‘barbecue all the child molesters’
florida man plays baby shark on loop to scare away homeless people
florida man plays bongos naked, carries gator around store, takes monkey along for car theft and does lots of other weird stuff in 2018.
florida man plays with water moccasin, is not as invincible as he thought.
florida man pleads guilty to tossing a live gator through a wendy's drive-thru
florida man police chief told cops to arrest random black people to boost stats
florida man police officer fired for arresting two six-year-olds
florida man police officer was arrested 3 times, fired 6 times, and is now back on patrol
florida man poops on his arrest warrant
florida man posed as a handyman to rob the elderly, flees the state and is found posing as a pastor collecting hurricane relief funds
florida man posed as doctor, said he could cure diabetes, other diseases by injecting patients with their own blood
florida man posing as fake cop pulls over real cop, gets arrested
florida man prankster places false outlet stickers at miami airport
florida man prefers incarceration to the comfy surroundings of his suburban home, proving he truly is a world class florida man
florida man pretending to be mcdonald’s cashier fakes taking order, takes cash, deputies say
florida man pretends to be a "gumball repairman" and steals gumball machine right in front of the owner
florida man pretends to be prosecutor, tries to drop charges against himself
florida man prevents his 18 month old son from drowning by jumping 4 foot fence. a little something to combat the typical fl man craziness.
florida man pries open steak 'n shake drive-thru window to rant about undercooked burger
florida man prisoner kills cellmate, says 'one less child molester'
florida man pulls a jason bourne and escapes the clutches of airport security via the baggage carousel!!
florida man pulls gun on delivery crew after furniture arrives late, tells them ‘i’ve shot people for less’
florida man pulls gun on teens during "bikes up, guns down" protest
florida man pulls hidden sword from cane
florida man pulls his pants down in front of the church because "the lord told me to."
florida man pulls out replica ar-15 rifle after a mcdonald's ran out of ice cream
florida man punched atm for giving too much cash
florida man punches atm for giving him too much cash
florida man punches drive-through employee over cold fries
florida man punches girlfriend over cookie. florida man must really like his cookies becausethis is the second time i've seen florida man hurt someone over them.
florida man punches his lawyer after judge hands down murder conviction
florida man puts sign in convenience store: 'don’t microwave your pee.’
florida man raises $22 million for trumps border wall, spends the money for himself instead.
florida man refuses to flush the toilet, prompting police response
florida man refuses to pay for gold-plated steak he didn't order, salt bae calls cops
florida man released from jail enjoys exactly 6 hours 9 minutes of freedom before returning to the same jail he was released from
florida man released from jail then arrested again in the jail parking lot for trying to steal a car
florida man released from jail...gets arrested on his way home.
florida man reportedly breaks into restaurant, makes himself burger, steals safe
florida man reports handgun stolen during orgy at his home.
florida man republican governor candidate says voters “shouldn’t monkey this up” and elect black democrat
florida man rescues grandma floating away on ice throne
florida man rescues jetski rider hit by fishing boat. he did it by quickly jumping off a yacht onto his own jetski.
florida man returns home to find neighbor claimed half his driveway with cinder block wall
florida man reunites with pet cat that ran away 14 years ago
florida man ripped urinal from restaurant bathroom wall, ran away naked into woods
florida man risks his life; rushes into neighbors home to save a grandma and fight a fire
florida man robbed a bank, stole a car, tries to swim away from police, cries when he gets caught in a current and threatens rescuing officer
florida man robs bank, strips naked, then runs down the street throwing stolen money everywhere.
florida man robs gas station while wearing drawn-on goatee
florida man robs gas station with drawn-on beard as disguise
florida man roofers tear roof off wrong florida man's house
florida man running for county sheriff defends history of over 13 arrests including battery, dui, and motor vehicle theft
florida man running for mayor tells black activists 'go back to africa'
florida man salts feet in attempt to banish walmart demons
florida man saves drowning 400lb black bear
florida man saves puppy thrown out of car window
florida man saves the life of a police officer in the cells, becomes stations favourite repeat offender
florida man says "a ghost named bill" told him to smash a tv to get out of jail
florida man says 2019 was the year of the exploding toilet, also good for pulling gators out of your yoga pants.
florida man says 3 syringes found in his butt aren't his
florida man says he steals pool floats for sex instead of raping women
florida man says too much music, masturbation caused him to vandalize largo home
florida man says william shatner is his father
florida man scammed wal-mart for over a million dollars
florida man school bus driver makes 5-year-old get out on the side of a busy highway because she was on the wrong bus.
florida man school police officer pawned duty weapon, caught carrying pellet gun at school
florida man screamed about vampires before burning down daytona house
florida man searched for child porn. instead they find guns,bombs, and maps of local schools.
florida man seeks threesome to 'ride out the hericane'
florida man sells son's suv as punishment. offers discount for local buyer so son sees the car in the neighborhood.
florida man senator doesn't show up at town hall, constituents replace him with empty suit
florida man sends sister to dentist to pick up his dentures, dentist refuses to give her the dentures, says patient must get them, man then threatens to "come down there and shoot up all you motherf-----s.”
florida man sets apartment on fire after management told him he needed to stop masturbating in front of his windows and front door.
florida man sets fellow homeless man on fire during drunken brawl
florida man sets fire to his girlfriend’s house, blames it on a ‘random black guy’
florida man sets girlfriend’s house on fire, blames it on ‘random black guy’
florida man sets himself on fire after losing cowboys-packers bet to his wife
florida man sets up meth lab and golf cart chop shop in retirement village community garage
florida man sets up sham companies to defraud xerox out of over $25,000,000 in toner, profits wildly
florida man sheriff guards donut shop during hurricane matthew, 'no donuts went missing'
florida man sheriff pledges to arrest ceo tim cook if apple resists crypto cooperation
florida man shoots "bully" shark: "you can shoot a nuisance giraffe, but if you take care of a shark... you’re a bad person?"
florida man shoots and kills fellow movie-goer after having popcorn thrown at him
florida man shoots at pokemon go players outside his house.
florida man shoots at police after shooting at another florida man over a florida woman. this, ladies and gentlemen, is love in the time of florida.
florida man shoots fish with a glock
florida man shoots neighbors dog for being in yard then asks r/legaladvice if he can get sued for vet bills.
florida man shoots out tires on at&t work trucks.
florida man shoots woman with water gun filled with urine
florida man signs dick
florida man sings 'don’t stop believin' during his journey to jail
florida man sits through disney’s hall of presidents five times to learn about america
florida man smokes meth, snorts cocaine, takes xanax, passes out, then of course, masturbates in hospital
florida man smuggles drugs, fakes death, and becomes an environmentalist in australia.
florida man snatches bald eagle from gator's jaws
florida man so drunk he finds himself driving into a family's living room
florida man solicits sex from 42 year old woman, then asks if her 10 year old daughter can join. the woman turns out to be an undercover cop.
florida man spends 36 years in jail over a 4-year theft sentence, prolonged by seven successful escapes
florida man spends 41 days in jail for heroin, turns out to be detergent
florida man spends his one day off cleaning forgotten veteran’s tombstones
florida man spent a million dollars searching for the treasure of a pirate that did not exist
florida man spits food in florida woman's mouth after road rage incident
florida man spits on trump supporter wearing maga cap in a bar, did it to show support for law enforcement
florida man spotted riding jet ski on florida road... yes, road
florida man spotted yesterday afternoon performing oral sex on a woman lying down on a florida beach boardwalk told cops that he was an “emergency responder and had to assist the female as it was his duty
florida man stabbed over request for $2
florida man stabbed to death with replica sword over gumbo seasoning
florida man stabs co-worker with machete in mall food court
florida man starts gofundme campaign for trump's border wall, sets $1 billion goal
florida man starts gofundme to build a tunnel under trumps boarder wall.
florida man starts sexual harassment of teacher, florida man and florida woman coworkers join in, florida school district fires the teacher for reporting it
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins, then cashed them in at a coin star machine for their face value (about $30)
florida man steals $33,000 in rare coins, uses them in change machines
florida man steals a car, realizes a baby is in it, drops baby off safely, and makes his get away.
florida man steals a mig-15, defects from north korea
florida man steals an unmarked police car and crashes into everything in sight
florida man steals boat from dentist who killed cecil the lion
florida man steals chris jericho's aew world championship belt at a tallahassee longhorn steakhouse
florida man steals dino bones
florida man steals footlong sandwich, hides it in his pants
florida man steals forklift because he was “tired of walking”
florida man steals his mom's car to go pick up his dad from jail; both arrested
florida man steals log splitters and wood chippers, asks people to sell them for him on facebook in exchange for drugs
florida man steals package filled with three-day-old dirty diapers
florida man stops a robbery
florida man stops to pet cats during police chase, gets arrested.
florida man strikes again
florida man strips naked and runs through mall parking lot, responds to police questions with whopping noises.
florida man stuck in texas during hurricane harvey now braces for hurricane irma
florida man sued for not paying for 6ft-tall trump paintings he bought
florida man suing florida neighbor over outlandish paint job: "i have just never seen anything like this", "unsightly and obnoxious."
florida man taken down by karate chop after repeatedly trying to touch 'floribama shore' cast member says he was 'just kidding'
florida man takes care of the lionfish epidemic with his glock brand glock
florida man tattooed on 12/6/16 super bowl 51 champions.
florida man tattoos "do not resuscitate" on chest. goes to hospital and dr's unsure what to do. florida man dies
florida man teacher fired for throwing a dildo themed party at school
florida man tells cops his name is 'ben dover'
florida man tells cops the 'fake urine' he's carrying around is not for his work drug test. instead, it's for 'role play' activities he and his wife enjoy.
florida man tells deputy he ate something bad, when asked what he replies: ''humans''
florida man tells evacuees seeking shelter from hurricane irma that they will be escorted to jail if they have a warrant
florida man tells police he uses cocaine "for energy at work"
florida man tells woman he wanted to make a.i. copy of her so he ‘could do anything he wanted’
florida man texted "yuh dead today" to murder victim before killing him later that day for a voodoo curse that the victim supposedly cast.
florida man texts detective instead of wife about girlfriend's murder
florida man therapist loses license for hitting on rape survivor, telling her she's 'extremely hot'
florida man thinks cops are 'bluffing' when they threaten to send in k-9, gets locked in closet with said k-9 and goes to hospital
florida man thought he was stealing opioids but instead got laxatives, police say
florida man threatened to blow up lesbians’s house because she turned him down for sex: police
florida man threatened to kill donald trump and got arrested
florida man threatens co-worker with box cutter in argument about christian music
florida man threatens mcdonald’s employees with a gun over broken ice cream machine
florida man threatens neighbors with nunchucks and bug spray, but only injures himself
florida man threatens to eat cops
florida man threatens to kill his neighbors. also florida man is the town mayor.
florida man threatens to kill landscapers after grass clippings are left on lawn
florida man throws aligator into wendy's for incorrect nugget amount
florida man throws egg at cyclist from a car, later find out he's a cop
florida man throws sausages at mom because she wouldn't cook him a meal
florida man throws urine on man for passing a drug test.
florida man ties down home. suck it irma!
florida man ties drugs to testicles in nutty case
florida man to take veterans to medieval times, get them drunk, and then have florida woman blow them to thank them for their service.
florida man told airport worker bag needed to be checked 'before it explodes,' police say
florida man too fat for jail
florida man tries for new world record by drinking 33 beers in a single evening
florida man tries the ole “the wind must have blown the cocaine into my car officer” trick to no avail
florida man tries to barbecue child molesters
florida man tries to buy a local historic preservation group election by bringing in stacks of late applications and stapling $50 bills on them days after the deadline
florida man tries to cut into trump's motorcade, makes obscene gestures.
florida man tries to dance his way out of a dui, it doesn't work
florida man tries to electrocute pregnant wife, changes facebook status to 'widowed'
florida man tries to pay bar tab with a rock, returns later with a faulty credit card, then later with a briefcase that allegedly contained, "a bomb or a baby."
florida man tries to race another driver, revs his engine and blasts off at 124 mph. he didn't realize the other driver was a cop.
florida man tries to rob store to prove to his mother he’s ‘independent’
florida man tries to steal from atm using blow torch, welds it together instead
florida man tries tries to burn down trailer using spaghetti sauce and a wash cloth while wearing a bull onesie
florida man turns $500k home into rainbow nightmare to get back at dad
florida man turns half million dollar home into multi-color nightmare
florida man twists the nipples of a two-year old boy so hard, they come off. tells police it was just a game.
florida man upset at his trial craps his pants, attempts to throw feces at the judge
florida man used remote-controlled license plate shield to avoid tolls
florida man uses bible to kill woman he said was possessed.
florida man uses daughter as a shield to avoid a shootout
florida man uses deodorant in store and returns it to shelf for next unsuspecting florida man.
florida man uses private plane to draw giant radar penis
florida man vandalizes 20 cars then falls asleep on nearby bench
florida man visits dragon con
florida man waiting at the bank kills time by masturbating
florida man wakes up after 48-day coma, first words are "i want taco bell"
florida man wakes up with a headache, only to discover his wife had shot him in the head while he slept. (he survived)
florida man wakes up with no memory of his past, speaks only swedish
florida man wakes up with no memory of his past, speaks only swedish.
florida man walks up to unmarked cop car, snorts cocaine during wildfire evacuation because florida
florida man was arrested after he attempted to drive away in a vehicle he had just carjacked, and then realized he was unable to drive stick shift.
florida man was found “covered from head to toe in pork fried rice and a red sauce” following an attack yesterday by his ex-girlfriend, florida woman
florida man was run over by his own pickup truck after his dog put it into gear
florida man wearing budweiser shirt gets dui on golf cart.
florida man wearing only florida gators shirt breaks into school, mixes feces and frosting together and smears it all over the school
florida man wears 'f*** the police' shirt to court and wins the case
florida man who "wasn't being racist" when he referred to electing his black opponent as "monkey[ing] it up" also attended alt-right rally with proud boys that asked burning questions like "if blacks are oppressed, why isn't there black exodus?" please brigade this post too, losers.
florida man who allegedly threatened family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
florida man who allegedly threatened family with coldplay lyrics ends standoff after swat promises him pizza
florida man who attacked mcdonald’s worker over straw sentenced to jail
florida man who endorsed drug testing for food stamp recipients busted on cocaine charge
florida man who goes by the name 'the topless handyman' shows up at job site with no permit and no tools, learns it's an undercover sting and gets arrested for unlicensed contracting
florida man who goes by the name ‘the rooster’ commits burglary by horseback but loses horse and gets caught
florida man who has already served two years for botched and illegal plastic surgeries is headed back to jail over unlicensed butt implants and penis enlargements
florida man who is a convicted felon honks horn at cops working an accident. has numerous drugs and weapons in his car in plain sight.
florida man who is a u.s. rep. is accused of creating sex game with 'points' for sleeping with staff
florida man who is a village commissioner embezzled money from his law firm to get a ride to a sex-toy shop and stay in hotel rooms, also has terrible facebook photo
florida man who is also a former school of rock student on jack black’s old show arrested four times for stealing guitars
florida man who is an attorney, and fellow florida man who was a cop, arrested for cocaine trafficking
florida man who owes $500k in child support vanishes into ocean on paddleboard
florida man who says his mission is to "destroy the feminist establishment" makes "mansplaining convention" where all attendees are women and all speakers are men.
florida man who says his name is 'born free' is now no longer free.
florida man who smashed mosque windows, left bacon gets 15-year sentence
florida man who spat on florida man with maga hat gets jail time
florida man who stamped packages of heroin with photos of president trump sentenced to 35 years in prison
florida man who was supposed to load atms robs them instead, taking over $100,000
florida man who works as disney security guard shows up at prostitution sting buck naked, gets arrested and videotaped by cops
florida man who works for amazon steals about $4,000 worth of packages and ships customers empty boxes
florida man whose mugshot went viral arrested again
florida man who’s a registered sex offender is arrested for working as santa clause.
florida man with cocaine on nose tells deputies it's not his, officials say
florida man with drugs under his testicles was described as a real nut job
florida man with half a head arrested for attempted murder
florida man with half a head arrested for attempted murder, arson
florida man with load of drugs in pants says trousers were borrowed
florida man with ‘do not resuscitate’ tattoo collapsed. doctors didn't know what to do.
florida man with ‘hit list’ receives no-jail plea after shooting up a condo while pretending to be a cop
florida man works as stripper to afford pet hyena
florida man writes name on arm in case hurricane michael kills him
florida man writes to his mom about who he plans to kill as soon as he's released from prison, apparently still unaware that prison doesn't come with a lot of privacy
florida man yells "murderers!" as he's executed for committing murder
florida man yells santa isn't real at christmas celebration
florida man — disguised in bull costume – allegedly tried to burn down ex-boyfriend’s home with spaghetti sauce
florida man's 'smart' refrigerator can't be fixed because it is too high tech and repairmen don't exist yet
florida man's 7 foot long pet lizard escapes and scares neighbors
florida man's dash cam records him intentionally hitting motorcyclist, results in him getting arrested, but not before he starts a huge fight with the cops
florida man's dog put someone else's car into reverse and drove it in circles for nearly an hour
florida man's florida dog put a car into reverse and drove it in circles for nearly an hour
florida man's idea to only let the felons he likes vote again is ruled unconstitutional
florida man's medical license suspended after he texted female patient ‘you need a sugar daddy’
florida man's mugshot shows his tattoo of florida
florida man's pants burst into flames while defending his client in court on arson charges.
florida man's spouse was kidnapped. or he smoked too much meth. either way, cops say there's a situation.
florida man's viral diaper-changing photo inspires pampers to install 5,000 changing tables in men's bathrooms across the u.s., canada
florida man, 71, sprayed his neighbor in the face with a water gun full of his own urine because he thought she was spying on him for the government
florida man, also a white doctor, says the police treated him like a 'f**king black person' says he was just trying to make a point.
florida man, disfigured from a self-inflicted shotgun blast to the face, sets fire to apartment complex after management requests that he stop masturbating in front of windows and open doors
florida man, disguised as inmate, almost dies on a 15 day, 8,000 mile ride on a prison transport van. take heart, though, our hero is safe!!!
florida man, drunk and naked, allegedly set house on fire in failed cookie baking attempt
florida man, elected state senator, defends calling political opponents "niggas"
florida man, fresh from receiving a 10 year prison sentence for identity theft, files a $72m suit against verizon for not stopping him from doing his crime.
florida man, nasa security guard yells "hi-yaaaa!!!" and karate chops alligator in parking lot struggle
florida man, or in this case 17 florida men, list same walmart as address in sex offender registry
florida man, running for office on "make sweetwater great again" campaign, arrested for trafficking in yayo
florida man, teacher keeps job after telling students not to date anyone ‘acting like a n****r’
florida man, who happens to be nationally recognized dui lawyer, gets dui
florida man, who has facial deformities, arrested for fondling 9 year old boy in zoo restroom
florida man, who is also a cop, shows up too ‘wasted’ to accept award for dui arrests from mothers against drunk driving
florida man’s dog locks him out of car, does donuts
florida squirrel attacks florida man at his sarasota county home
florida town passes anti-homeless ordinance prohibiting lying down in parks. homeless florida man calls police on family having a picnic. family is escorted away.
florida woman 'just out of rehab' had open 12-pack of beer, child in car, deputies say
florida woman 'slammed' florida man's face into her crotch, prompting police response
florida woman accepts plea deal after she had sex with a 15-year-old girl in her classroom. also, why isn't there a floridateacher subreddit?
florida woman accused of stabbing husband in butt with knife
florida woman accused of swapping barcodes, paying only $3.70 for $1,800 worth of electronics
florida woman and husband prepping for 'fall of u.s. government' accused of swindling $5 million from tobacco company
florida woman apologizes for mistake in faking diploma, still wont drop out. bonus: charges have been recommended for fake diploma.
florida woman arrested after driving on i-95 with ex-boyfriend on hood
florida woman arrested after offering undercover cop oral sex for taco bell
florida woman arrested after threatening to get mcdonald's sauce, "by any means necessary."
florida woman arrested for asking 911 how to file for divorce
florida woman arrested for making bomb threat at university of florida for ‘me time’
florida woman arrested for throwing frozen pork chop at boyfriend
florida woman assaults boyfriend with sandwich, pushes him as he cleans up the mess
florida woman attacks 7-eleven clerk with hot nacho cheese because ‘the customer is always right’
florida woman attacks her boyfriend with a fake christmas tree
florida woman attacks husband with machete, adt law sign; smiles for the camera
florida woman barred from strip club, so she fights the state constitution.
florida woman bit man who broke into her home, yells “i’m not your mama, get out of my house!”
florida woman blames selfies with the president for her divorce
florida woman breaks into a police substation, ate officer's dinner but forgets her id behind as she leaves (article)
florida woman breaks into home, gets shot in butt.
florida woman burns down 3500 year-old tree by smoking meth under it
florida woman calls 911 after 'smelling 300-year-old bible' while driving and becoming sick. hazmat team, bomb squad called and major bridge closed for 90 minutes.
florida woman calls for 'bracott' after being told her nipples are 'distracting'
florida woman camps out behind hotel mirror and robs people
florida woman can't pass the bar exam to become a lawyer, so she impersonates a former law school classmate, even showing up in court and printing out business cards pretending they are in practice together. now she faces prison.
florida woman caught diddling herself at walmart
florida woman caught on a jacksonville restaurant’s surveillance video taking a donation jar intended for the family of a slain 7-year-old girl told police she did so to support her drug habit
florida woman caught smiling in mugshot after deadly dui crash now faces manslaughter charge
florida woman charged with embezzling $158,000 from employer who said she was "like a sister." that's one twisted sister.
florida woman chops chunk of hair during city council meeting in effort to save trees
florida woman claims being overweight should be a protected class because she can't fit on a theme park attraction
florida woman claims wind blew cocaine into purse
florida woman commits armed robbery then tries to escape on tricycle
florida woman concerned about the meth she was smoking, so she took it to her doctor
florida woman crashes her teen daughters party, has sex with two underage teenage boys.
florida woman dares to dream big, starts her own business out of her house with no training or experience. unfortunately, cops got involved because that business was penis enlargement surgery.
florida woman debuts her stop snoring technique. upside -- it worked. downside -- attempted murder charges.
florida woman decides bag of meth in her butt would make a tasty snack
florida woman doctor who berated uber driver in viral video is fired
florida woman doesn't pay for pepperoni pizza and vodka. goes to jail instead.
florida woman drops acid before babysitting, steals toys
florida woman drops pants, licks man, dances naked in waffle house parking lot
florida woman empties glock into boyfriend's car who was trying to sell her mother weed.
florida woman exposes herself in naples restaurant, husband asks to go to jail too
florida woman fakes emergency to get a bigger airline seat
florida woman farts then pulls knife out on guy who calls her out.
florida woman fights for equality, sues strip club that denied her entrance because she wasn't with a man
florida woman fights off home invaders armed with ak-47
florida woman figures out uber driver is kidnapping her, rolls down window, jumps out of the moving car, gets famous on twitter
florida woman finds a rusty plate on the beach, takes it home, later finds out it's actually an old land mine
florida woman fired for posting on social media after not getting tip on $735 take-out order for church
florida woman gets 17 years for dealing drugs at steak 'n shake
florida woman gets all nervous when the highway patrol pulls her over for illegal window tint, so they call a drug dog and find $1.2 million worth of cocaine stuffed behind the dashboard in her car
florida woman gets caught burglarizing a house, says she’s cia & the clintons are her parents
florida woman gets drunk, crashes through airport gate to go for a joyride. strikes multiple aircraft before crashing through another gate on her way out.
florida woman gets ok to keep rambo, her clothes-wearing gator
florida woman gets to keep her atv-riding pet gator 'rambo'
florida woman goes on a joyride.
florida woman goes to work with a headache, yeets several children, gets arrested
florida woman grandma let her florida men sons run a major drug operation out of her apartment, including stashing guns and pounds of drugs under her bed in a high-rise tower for seniors located in the heart of downtown
florida woman granted personhood after spending 34 years as an orangutan
florida woman has dead body in her driveway. unsure which story to tell cops so she tells them multiple stories to cover all her bases.
florida woman has novel approach to babysitting -- wait for the tykes to fall asleep, leave them to go home and get some sleep yourself.
florida woman high on meth, yells at tree, while diaper clad child crossed the road and lays in ant infested dog kennel.
florida woman hits man with her car, drives to work then tells husband to take care of it
florida woman holds fundraiser to get the people she's scammed to pay for defending her scam conviction
florida woman is actually an orangutan named sandra
florida woman jailed for 5 months because of a failed field drug test. the lab test took 7 months to come back, revealing it was a vitamin. she was initially charged with trafficking oxycodone.
florida woman jailed for calling 911 because her boyfriend wasn't being nice
florida woman jimmy john's employee caught jumping rope with bread dough
florida woman leaves kids in hot car with meth while she shops at dollar store, deputies say
florida woman leaves six-year-old grandson home to go out drinking. propositions police officer on her way to jail.
florida woman live streams herself drunk driving, gets arrested.
florida woman loses license to teach for pulling chairs out from under third graders
florida woman makes herself at home by guzzling soda and selecting pizza ingredients from the residence of a florida man who she does not know.
florida woman making $200 a day selling positive pregnancy tests on craigslist
florida woman managed to get past security and onto delta flight
florida woman mistakes 37-week pregnancy for bad chinese food
florida woman named crystal arrested for crystal meth trafficking
florida woman named crystal methany arrested.
florida woman named crystal methvin arrested for possession of crystal meth
florida woman named “crystal methvin” arrested for possession of crystal meth
florida woman notices a cinder block under her bedroom window, checks surveillance video and sees a florida man has been peeping in her window at night
florida woman paid for social media management in hot dogs
florida woman passed the bar, can practice law in the uk...at age 18.
florida woman plans to take her gun into target bathrooms to protect herself from transgender people
florida woman principal reassigned after trying to separate white students from black students at predominantly black elementary school
florida woman pulled over for driving with a man in a dog cage in the back of her truck.
florida woman pulls gun on person who asked her to stop feeding stray cats
florida woman pulls out knife and threatens a man for complaining about her farts
florida woman reacts to an elderly white woman's racist slur against haitian by giving the woman a beat down. 'using my white privilege for the right reasons,' was how florida woman put it.
florida woman robs postal truck with fake gun, fled on tricycle, claimed she’s god
florida woman running for congress claims to have been abducted by blonde extraterrestrials, gets endorsed by miami herald
florida woman running for mayor aims to be sea turtle candidate
florida woman running for mayor of her city as 'sea turtle' so that she can put a turtle in office 'to give nature a voice'
florida woman says 'no gay neighbors at my parties, amirite?' gets schooled by dear abby
florida woman says it's 'too hot' in squad car after arrest for allegedly leaving child in hot car
florida woman sees 17 year old daughter on snapchat having sex and gets 18 year old florida man busted for child porn
florida woman settles dispute with other florida woman the old-fashioned way – knocking her dentures out by throwing a tv remote control
florida woman shaves legs in crowded pool and ends up on reddit front page
florida woman shoots husband in testicles after he tried to take her air conditioner
florida woman shot after performing sexual act for $5 and pringles
florida woman shot by oven while attempting to bake waffles
florida woman smears dogshit on man's bed for not getting a text back
florida woman smiled during her mugshot after she was charged with trying urinate on a police officer as well as running over a man with her car.
florida woman sought after attacking burger king employees over food quality
florida woman speeds down highway with florida man clinging to the hood of her car
florida woman stabbed herself repeatedly because she’s ‘tired of living in trump’s country’
florida woman stabs boyfriend after he farts on her
florida woman stabs boyfriend in the chest moments after saying "i will kill you and everybody in this house" to which she was told “you don’t have the balls to do it”
florida woman stashed stolen rolexes in her 'vaginal area' before fighting with officers, police say
florida woman state senator: only "thoughts and prayers" will stop mass shootings
florida woman steals $27,000 from 360 strippers while working as county employee. when caught, explained she had to do it because her husband spends too much money at home depot.
florida woman stripper arrested after kicking club manager in the balls
florida woman suing t-mobile employee who stole sex video from phone
florida woman tells judge she's been dead 30 years, has mastered immortality
florida woman threatens hair salon with machete, poops in patrol car
florida woman throws dog off bridge because "dogs can fly". dog is okay
florida woman tracks down 52 donor siblings, hopes us sets regulations on births per sperm donor
florida woman tries selling drugs at mcdonald's drive thru
florida woman tries to cash $1 million check at tampa bank "to buy a yacht in miami," gets arrested for money laundering, fraud and exploiting her 77-year-old husband
florida woman tries to scam $600 lottery winner by telling him he won only $5, but the "winner" was an agent working undercover for the state lottery commission’s security division.
florida woman tries to use lyft as getaway vehicle, driver refuses prompting her to call uber
florida woman turns 100. long life attributed to irish whiskey and men.
florida woman twerks to distract as she steals items. she is still at "large"
florida woman urinates herself, yells racial slurs during dui arrest
florida woman use alarm clock to stab florida man
florida woman used photocopied $20 bills at walmart, applebee's
florida woman uses free drink coupon to get past tsa
florida woman uses stolen credit card in true florida woman fashion: by spending $900 at 7-eleven
florida woman was a neo-nazi, then she fell in love with a black woman
florida woman was getaway driver for 15-year-old son in armed robbery, deputies say
florida woman who burned down historic tree while smoking meth arrested again
florida woman who faked diploma has finally called it a day.
florida woman who feels trapped inside her home every night by a nuisance coyote sets up security camera, coyote urinates on it
florida woman who happens to be a high school chemistry teacher arrested on meth charges
florida woman who is official "director of tourism" arrested after walking into ihop at 3 am and yelling at customers. she also punched a cop.
florida woman who sold her couch now wants it back because she left marijuana in it.
florida woman who stole a newborn from a florida hospital two decades ago and raised the child as her own sentenced to 18 years for kidnapping.
florida woman who threatened sandy hook parent arrested in tampa [after refusing to show up for her federal court date where she was just going to get house arrest and probation]
florida woman who works at nursing home secretly recorded seniors having sex and posted the video to snapchat
florida woman wins auction to punch martin shkreli in the face
florida woman with active warrant hides id inside vagina during traffic stop, squats and pees on street while being taken from jail to hospital to have it removed.
florida woman with drugs in bra buys methamphetamine at a yard sale.
florida woman with no license, but plenty of marijuana, crashes into sheriff's patrol car at the jail
florida woman ‘demands’ sex from boyfriend, and attacks him with paint roller when he says he’s not in the mood
florida woman's loud sex sounds interrupt pro tennis match.
florida woman's toddler pulls loaded gun from toy box during child welfare check by police
florida woman, 26, tells police cocaine they found in her bag must have 'flown in through the window'
florida woman, 70, jailed after sidewalk sex encounter with florida man, 60.
florida woman, 73, scares off naked intruder who was 'gyrating in a lewd manner' by taking out her dentures and yelling 'grandma no teeth!'
florida woman, a state legislator, sponsors bills based on hearing god's voice.
florida woman: first-grade teacher arrested for trying to buy meth while at school
florida woman’s groin contains many mysteries, but police say they all are illegal.
florida woman’s ménage à trois goes over poorly with her boyfriend, who calls her a piece of ‘poop’
goat blood drinking, ex-senate candidate, white nationalist, florida man named augustus invictus arrested on kidnapping warrant
grumpy old florida man unplugs the bounce house at a child's birthday party causing several injuries
gun-loving florida woman shot by 4-year-old son hours after bragging he ‘gets jacked up’ to shoot
hero waitresses body slams florida man who touched her buttocks
homeless florida man plays street piano beautifully (not your usual florida man)
hurricane dorian delivered cocaine to florida man's beaches
in creative defense, florida man argues you can't have your license revoked if you never had one to begin with
judge says florida man can grow his own medical marijuana
judge: jail time for florida man who attacked mcdonald’s worker over straw
just in: florida man has figured out how to stop hurricanes
kfc employee hits florida man in the face with a box of chicken, police say - story
larval stage florida man shoots mother in walmart parking lot
logical florida man declines breathalyzer, "i'm already going to jail, so why?" also tells deputies his escapades make for a "great story"
love stinks; florida man arrested after sucker punching ex girlfriend's new boyfriend
masturbating florida woman conks husband on head after he barges in on her self-pleasuring session.
meet the florida man who went viral for headbanging in a hurricane
meth fueled, mud covered, naked florida man shakes off two tasers, bites k-9 and fist fights officer then spits on another
monkey in diaper found clinging to florida man in stolen car
naked florida man arrested for punching police k-9
naked florida man breaks into home, bites resident, dies
naked florida man breaks into little league concession stand, causes $5,000 in damage while stealing $250 in cash and a package of hot dogs
naked florida man chases people and cops around chic-fil a parking lot telling them they’re gay for looking at his penis
naked florida man discovered eating ramen in restaurant, as police searched for a different burglar that ate chicken wings.
naked florida man on bicycle stuns miami commuters in i-95 traffic
naked florida man starts house fire while baking cookies on george foreman grill
naked florida woman accused of biting two men during nasty spat
naked florida woman takes on 6 lanes of i-95
naked, intoxicated florida man baking cookies on george foreman grill responsible for house fire
naked, moaning florida man arrested for 2 am pleasure session on stranger's patio
not guilty: florida man with big penis defense is acquitted
notorious viral sensation florida man speaks up for climate change
nude florida man, breaks into warehouse and takes a shower
officer florida man suspended after putting on barry white and allowing two suspects to make out in the back of his patrol car.
old and busted: florida man pretending to be cop while pulling over a real cop. new hotness: florida man pretends to be a detective, demands that jail staff immediately release his imprisoned buddy.
once-homeless florida man builds his own tiny town entirely from scrap materials
pantsless florida man steals luggage cart at airport, warns spectators "don't do crystal meth"
perfection: florida man named 'trigger' accidentally shoots himself in ankle at dollar general
police find naked florida woman screaming in her car
police officer helps homeless florida man shave beard for job interview
police say florida man with no hands and no legs is armed and on the run
police use stun guns to extract florida man from walmart ceiling
police: florida man breaks into home, cooks and eats pizza while inside
police: florida man thought he was stealing drugs, not laxatives
potato salad-throwing florida man to cops: 'i have been drinking and taking xanax, what do you expect me to do?'
record-setting 17-foot burmese python caught by florida man
regional pilot florida man caught on camera writing pro-trump graffiti, racial slurs at tallahassee airport
sales were slow so florida woman stole people’s identities, opened store credit cards in their names and profited
school-bus driving florida man tells one of the kids on the bus that he's going to hell because of his two mommies, and that they would be joining him there because god doesn’t like gay people.
sex offender florida man arrested for contacting young girls through bible app
sheriff florida man hangs neon 'vacancy' sign at his jail and is proud of its 1 star rating
shirtless drunken florida man punches woman sitting on top of mobile home, goes door to door barging into homes demanding residents fight him, steals slice of pizza, knocks down a chainlink fence... passes out.
shirtless florida man removes 9-foot alligator from swimming pool, because of course he did
shirtless florida man takes on hurricane florence with american flag in hand
singer rod stewart punches florida man at a children's new year’s eve party
someone is going to immortalize florida man with a series. god help us all!
south florida man says 'jesus told me' to drive ferrari into water
south florida man sent inmates legal papers soaked with synthetic pot, officials say.
speeding florida man driver tells cops he was driving like a bat out of hell because he wanted a pepsi
sword-swinging florida man says he’s a witchcraft victim and cursed during incident entirely un-related to halloween.
teenage florida man hacks his high school, emails everyone urgent announcement about "mandatory penis inspections in accordance with florida penal code 69."
terrified cows run for their lives as florida man leads deputies on chase through cattle field
the fake story about a florida man arrested for having sex with an alligator used the mugsot of a man aressted for having sex with a peacock.
the florida man who made $1 million by stealing from wallets left in rvs at nascar events.
the florida man who was arrested last week for trying to rko his teacher has been arrested again for another rko
the only podcast hosted by florida man himself launches first episode
the patient’s head wasn’t bleeding just from the crash. florida man paramedic punched him, too
these kids were picking up trash for earth day. then they found florida man's 22-pound bale of weed
they say “guns don’t kill people, people do” but florida man disproves this theory by somehow managing to get shot by an unmanned gun
this site developed a florida man scoring system. here's what its top ten florida man stories were.
thong-wearing florida man arrested while building shed with garbage on stranger’s property
til that in 2009, an accused florida man said his cat downloaded child porn, not him.
to get a seat, florida man threatens red lobster: 'i work for the taliban, and i have a bomb in this bag'
tom cruise becomes a florida man to be closer to scientology overlords
two florida women settle dispute with a third florida woman the old fashioned way -- by peeing on her bmw
unable to wait until july 4th, florida man blows off fingers with firework a day early
unidentified florida man terrorizes town with graffiti depicting a human butt with three buttcheeks and two cracks, because why the fuck not.
unknown florida man is tying red balloons to sewer grates for the heck of it
vacationers find alligator lounging on alligator pool float at florida man's airbnb
wannabe pirate florida man steals 17th century gold bar
when florida man shines laser pointer at police helicopter, pilot lands in a parking lot and arrests him.
when three thugs with a hand gun turn up to burgle a homeowner's car, florida man shows up with an ak-47. that's the florida way.
while in prison for first-degree murder, florida man puts his time to good use: by convincing a multi-millionaire crossfit founder to marry him without a pre-nup.
while in prison, florida man got chinese takeout, sat in guard station in exchange for tax advice, investigation finds
wholesome florida man saves bear in ocean
wholesome florida man searching for the owner of necklace filled with ashes that was found on the beach